# Project Meeting Agenda & Notes

## Project Meeting `#1 12-11`

### Agenda
- Check-in with everyone
- General discussions:
  - Feedbacks on the rebranding (part of [Who we are?](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/OCf2f/issues/14));
  - Scaling ideas;

- Key items to decide:
  - Rebranding | Roles:
    - [List of roles](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/OCf2f/issues/12);
  - Rebranding | Special events;
    - GameÂ´s night;
    - Open mic;
  - Rebranding | Podcast;
    - More relevant topics;
    - Past quality topics;
    - Ideas?
  - Freedom of the experience:
    - Always free >> free stuff is the best stuff;
    - Self-organized & community-driven format;
    - Donations are needed for new mics? websites?
  - QA | Topics & hosts:
    - General feedbacks on the Wed & Thu hosts & topics;
    - [Host kits](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/OCf2f/issues/15);
    - [Multiple hosts per night?](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/OCf2f/issues/9)
    - [The importance of a moderator?](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/OCf2f/issues/18)
  - Waiting lists:
    - The state of waiting list?
      - What is the balance of the number-of-peopole on the list;
      - Threadshold to scale?
    - Can I cut the line?
      - Join the organizing team?
      - Help w/ the tasks?
      - Rotating people to waiting list?
  - Tier list:
    - [Scale in the grand scheme? ](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/OCf2f/issues/19)
  - TODO | Management:
    - Store the recordings;
    - [Docing the lists of apologies](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/OCf2f/issues/20);
    - [Setting up an email list/newsletter](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/OCf2f/issues/13);
