# Meeting Minutes

* Project meetings are happening on a need basis. 
* Regular updates are happening on a weekly/biweekly basis.

## Regular Updates

### Update 2022-03-28
* Major Changes:
  * Offical EchoRoom Community Member List is documented upto Mar 27th 2022;
  * Addition of Community Guideline Version Draft 1.0;
  * Addition of the Mteam online discussion time;
  * Update the Manager Workflow;
  * Addition of weekly topic preview & Wechat Account Posts; https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/theEchoRoom/issues/13
* Minor Changes:
  * Update FAQ to Version 1.3 with better wording;
* Roadmap Proposal:
  * Host Summit? https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/theEchoRoom/issues/27
  * Expression Session with personalized/characterized naming scheme?
  * Add other Session format? https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/theEchoRoom/issues/19
* Tasks in need of help:
  * Gather more questions & draft answers https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/theEchoRoom/issues/7

## Project Meeting

### Project Meeting 2022-03-04

* Main aim: The Mteam discussed the EchoRoom Together session.
* Key outcome: the main game sessions were planned.
* Presents: Bingxue, Chenxi, Jiaxi, Shuang, Shizhao, Yuan
* Minutes [here](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/theEchoRoom/blob/398b364bdfb8b076f152570c89be96dc9b1a775d/Meeting/PM2022-03-04.md)

### Prject Meeting 2021-12-11

* Main aim: The team members discussed the 1st batch of issues concerning the daily operation.
* Key outcome: the official waitinglist was organized.
* Presents: Chenxi, Chenlu, Shuang, Shizhao, Yuan
* Minutes [here](https://github.com/ChenxiSSS/theEchoRoom/blob/398b364bdfb8b076f152570c89be96dc9b1a775d/Meeting/PM2021-12-11.md)
